S1: Let's bring in one of the injured Parramatta Eels, Jermaine Hopgood's, in the box with us. Hello, Germaine, how are we, mate? Very well. More importantly, how are you? You suffered the the ACL injury a few weeks back. How's it all coming along, mate? It's. You'd much prefer to be out there. I know, but these things happen, I suppose, in a contact sport, don't they?

S2: That's right. It's all part of the game. So, uh, swallowed the bitter pills early and, um, just had to get on with it.

S3: Have you, have you had it operated on yet? So it's all done and everything. You're on the road to recovery.

S2: Yes. I had a the week after I actually ended up with a staph infection. Oh. Um, but was lucky enough to, uh, get on to that pretty early. Spent a week in hospital on, on the drip and then got out. And now we're, um, just in the early stages of getting back moving and um, yeah, it's a slow process, but, um, actually it's terrible to say, but I got a little mate Matt Deery there that did his the week after me and um, we're sort of in it together, so it's good to have someone by your side.

S3: Did you both have, has he had his operation as well? Because there's times I think with the ACL where they've got to allow all the swelling to go down before they can operate?

S2: Yeah. So I pretty much did clean ACL, nothing else. Um so that was a plus for me. Um, but then I had the staph and Matt had his done. He had two meniscus repairs as well, so we're pretty much close to being on around the same. And um, like I said, I've got someone beside me. But yeah, it's like I said, it's a slow process regardless, but I've got that little card up my sleeve. Having just the ACL.

S4: When we saw you with your family was that you had your knee done then? Was it at Fibonacci at Southlands?

S2: Uh, yeah.

S4: Was that before or after your knee injury? I, you said the the baby little baby.

S2: No, bub was only a couple days old. That's right. And then it was her first game here. So I won't, I won't, I won't bring her again next time.

S4: Is that when it happens.

S2: It was that weekend.

S4: No.

S3: Oh no.

S2: Are you living in South Penrith. Are you. My mum still lives over in South Penrith. Yeah. So I was there through all my time at Penrith. Yeah. Mum moved down uh, back when I was in SG ball to make it a bit more like home for me. And um, she's awesome. She lives around the corner from the shops. Uh, I used to live near there. I forget the name of the place I lived at.

S4: Remember the place? Yeah. Oh, you lived near Royce, didn't you? I don't know.

S2: Anyway, I live near the shops. Yeah. Southland places out. That way you can live.

S1: How are the boys going to go tonight, Jermaine?

S2: Yeah, yeah. Good. I'm confident. Yeah. Um. I wore this jacket when they beat the Bulldogs. They didn't wear it last week when they lost. I wore it again this week, so hopefully that's a little.

S4: That's that's the one the legends had the 40 year one. Yeah. That's awesome isn't.

S2: It? That was really special to see them a few weeks ago. And um, the club did a really good job celebrating them in that 86 grand final win. And it was awesome to see them all still so connected. Still to this day. That was pretty.

S1: I think that's one thing Parramatta does better than most, you know, really relies and celebrates its history. And I'm assuming you as a young bloke would have grown up watching the footy and also listening to Peter Sterling in the commentary box. So do you get a thrill when the legends come into the club?

S2: Well, I probably seen Sterlo on the show before I knew what he'd done on the field. Um, but coming to this club, it's pretty evident. Or that's what everyone remembers is those glory days in the 80s. So you see a lot of it. And um, blokes like Ray Price and Peter Sterling, Brett Kenny, the impact they still have on the community and Parramatta's massive. So yeah, it was awesome to see all those guys in the flesh.

S5: But you've played for Queensland or have you not? Yeah. Yeah. You have one game have you. That's good. I played two so I played one more. So I mean that's obviously one of your goals to get back to that. I mean how did you. What year was it and how did you find it?

S2: Yeah, I debuted game 1 in 2024, and then I had season ending back surgery the next week after that. Wow. That's a little story in itself. But yeah, second season ended for me kind of thing at that time. But that was unreal experience. I was 19th, man, the year before. Um, got a taste of it. And that just ignites the fire in the belly.

S5: Billy coaching, then.

S2: Billy, Billy coaching. Then then he gave me my debut game one. Um, I had a herniated disc in my back and lost feeling in my toes and.

S5: But is your nickname lucky or something?

S3: What about an.

S5: Injury? Oh.

S2: I haven't had a lot of injuries, but I seem to get bad ones.

S4: Yeah, yeah.

S2: When I do get them. So that was on a you're on cloud nine. And then I was on rock bottom a week after, um, which is hard. And then I got the opportunity to be in 19th man again, uh, game three last year. So got back in a taste of the squad again and lit the fire in the belly again. And then this year was obviously something everyone everyone wants to do, but, uh, obviously someone else had other ideas. But, uh, we'll go again next year.

S5: You'll get back, mate.

S1: Just just before you go. And I know you've got to run. One of our team members on this show is Josh Morris. You remember the Morris twins, Josh and Brett. Great origin players played for Australia. I know they're New South Wales and Queensland. Um, but Darryl and a few of the boys think that you're one of the other. You're involved in the twins in terms of in the look stakes. Do you think you'll look anything like Josh and Brett Morris?

S2: Who's that an insult to no good.

S3: Oh, yeah.

S5: Good insult to you, mate.

S1: You're the one who suggested.

S5: Well, he looks like them.

S1: He doesn't look anything.

S5: Like he thinks he does as well.

S3: I don't think he does.

S1: You're on your pat here.

S4: When did I say that?

S5: This morning. You did, you imbecile. He does look like the Morris boys.

S4: You could pass, for he could pass for a relative. Yes.

S2: If I can play half as good as them. Two.

S4: Oh, good.

S1: Good answer, good answer.

S3: Jameis will be driving into the studio. He'll be listening.

S2: But didn't. Didn't he play half an origin with an ace or chase someone down with a torn ACL in a game or something.

S4: Oh it was medial but he said ACL. Yeah.

S3: Well.

S5: He's not he didn't make any difference.

S2: He's like a GST.

S1: Nice to meet you Jermaine. Hopefully we'll see you back sooner rather than later mate. Nice to.

S4: Meet you.

S1: Nice to meet you. Jermaine Hopgood from Parramatta will take a break. Be back with more.